1) define a functional interface "First" with an abstract method "void disp1()".
define a class "Second" with a method "void fun1()"

inside main function create a method reference for "First" and invoke "fun1" of "Second"

2) define a functional interface "Third" with an abstract method "void show(int num)".
define a class "Sample" with a method "void disp(int num)"

inside main function create a method reference for "Third" and invoke "disp" of "Sample" by passing a value "500".

3) define a functional interface "Fifth" with an abstract method "int add(int a,int b)"
define a class Math1 with a method "int calc(int a,int b)" 

inside main function invoke "calc" method with the help of
	a) lamdba expression
	b) method reference

4) define a functional interface "Sixth" with an abstract method "void disp5()".
define a class "Sample" with a static method "void fun1()"

inside main function create a method reference for "Sixth" and invoke "fun1" of "Sample"

5) define a functional interface "Emp" with an abstract method "void show()".
define a class "MyClass" with default constructor with the message "inside default constructor of MyClass".

inside main function instantiate "MyClass" using method reference to "Emp"

6) define a functional interface "Seventh" with an abstract method "void fun(int k)".
define a class "Sample" with parameterized constructor with the message "inside parameterized constructor of Sample\t"+k .

inside main function instantiate "Sample" by passing value "200" using method reference to "Seventh"

7) define a class "Student" with name and age as member variables, parameterized constructor , setters , getters and "toString" method. 

define a functional interface "MyInterface" with an abstract method "void show(Student ref)"

inside main function 
a) create an instance of "Student" class by passing "Vijay" and '20' values.

b) create method reference for "MyInterface" and display the instance of "Student" class created above.

